great to have you here back back on
Showbox thanks for having me you're the
promoter of this show and we just saw
one of your guys Gabrielle uh looking
pretty good what you think give this
report c um I was impressed I thought
that um he should have went to the body
a lot more but um you know it's still a
learning stage for him but I think that
uh he's a future world champion um of
course Eddie Mustafa is one of the best
trainers out there he's working with
Eddie mustafi he's still learning he's
still he's still working hard in the gym
so and you know in the future it should
be some good results we're getting
pretty close to your fight couple of
weeks away um you've been through so
many camps in your career yes how did
the camps differ from one another or are
they all the same for you well it's you
know um I think this Camp I'm a lot
stronger you know I'm eating a little
bit different you know um yoga you know
making sure that my my my body is
stretched the right
way um every Camp is different you know
we try to do different things different
camps but um I feel comfortable
um I'm pretty sure uh my opponent's
ready to fight cuz I'm ready to fight
I'm in tip top shape and every like
every Camp is not the same but we try to
be positive and and just work hard well
one of the things Floyd that makes this
fight a little bit different it's been a
long time since you fought a rematch
Jose Lis Castillo was how many years ago
12 13 years ago um the psychology of a
rematch is a little different than when
you fight a guy only once so discuss a
little bit about how you think the
psychology of a rematch being that you
fought my down already will come into
play play in a couple of weeks I think
that I'm just able to make
adjustments and um adapt very very easy
um I've made adjustments before even
with the Castillo fight um I made
adjustments so we just have to see how
this fight play out um I'm in tiptop
shape I'm a lot stronger this fight and
my condition is where where need where
it needs to be maybe it seems
self-evident but one of the adjustments
you made allowed you to dominate the
second half the fight you fought the
fight in the middle of the ring is that
what we're going to see on September
13th I think that if you look the guy
missed 90 90% of his punches so I think
it was very exciting for the first three
or four rounds and um out of 12 rounds I
did give the guy three rounds but I know
I dominated for nine rounds I think the
fans and the critics and the people are
so used to seeing me win 12 rounds 11
rounds or they or they used to seeing me
knock a guy out to whereas they seen a
guy actually put up a good fight for
four rounds but then all through the
fight I was boxing being smart and being
sharp and this guy was constantly being
dirty I want to ask you about that
because you've been very critical and on
all access we actually heard Robert
Garcia during the fight say to his
fighter fight dirty what happens in the
rematch if you don't get the kind of
help you need if he fights the same
fight which he's likely to do we take a
look at action from the first fight if
he fights the same type of fight and you
don't get the kind of help you need from
the referee what does Floyd Mayweather
Jr do in there um do like I did the
first time go out there and win and be
the best that I can be you know I can't
look for any help from the from the
referee but um I just I just truly
believe in being on an even playing
field you know I want the referee uh to
to do his job on both ends and just be
fair fair enough now um one of the
things that makes this an interesting
fight is that he was very aggressive you
were an outstanding boxer as usual are
there any signs at age 37 do you feel
any signs forget what the critics say do
you feel any signs of your body changing
or having to do make concessions to your
age I I you know I feel I feel good you
know um every time I go to training camp
I feel good I think this time um I'm
going display something totally
different uh from the first fight I
don't think really age plays a factor I
think just keep keeping my composure
being smart being the same Floyd
Mayweather you know that's what I that's
what I truly believe in doing when I go
out there well we look forward to seeing
your two guys in the next couple of
fights we really look forward to seeing
you on September 13th Floyd thanks for
taking some time thank you appreciate it
all right good luck we'll see you in a
couple of weeks Barry back to you
[Music]